Current Functionality:
	Enemies and Toon all extend Actor
		Actors all contain a hitbox.
		Hitbox works and isn't too bad to work with, but it makes me nervous.
	Toon can run and jump.
	Crow has two flight patterns: parabolic arc and horizontal line
	Mole will pop out of ground
	Traffic Cone... is a thing. for now.
	Road moves and speeds up.
	Road speed increases over time.
	Acorns appear pseudo randomly and boost score multiplier.
	Energy Drinks appear and boost speed.
	Home screen.
	Buttons exist and react to click
		Each button reacts only in the game mode to which it was assigned
		The buttons also turn when moused over, and slowly return to sitting when mouse off
	Instructions screen - IN PROGRESS (Some lag going from page 1 to page 2 for first time)
	Game Over Screen - IN PROGRESS

10/30/14
	Refactored the way images are stored:
		They are now a static property of the object with which they are associated
		Created a new constructor for actors that grabs width and height from image
			Having trouble implementing it. Leaving that for later. Maybe.
		
	Implemented dark cloud to be used for winter
	Implemented snowflakes falling to symbolize winter.
	Idea: Frisbee replaces traffic cone.
	Implemented day and night cycle.
		Sun circles around.
		Sky gets lighter and darker based on sun's y pos. Looks pretty schweet.
		
11/1/2014
	Been working on high scores.
		Can now read high scores from file
		Can add a new score page
		Can write high scores to file
		Preliminary High Score page created
		Some lag first time loading
	Car has been drawn and can be placed on the stage.
	
11/2/2014
	Car now has some basic movement.
	Messed with some features of hyper
		Hyper is now a property associated with Toon
		Now jumps higher when hyper
		Now trips for less time
		
11/4/2014
	Toon now has a sitting image
	All of Toon's images are now associated with Toon
	Toon now has a "riding" variable to check if he is riding or not
		Artist uses this
	HitBox is fairly easy to use, but something about it feels fragile
	Reduced extra hyper jump. I decided I want to Toon to stay on the screen.
	Hitbox is making me mad, I need to rework it.
		Doing it. Added new methods.
		Fixed how it deals with width and height. I like it better now.
		Had to make some changes to Actor, too
	AppearChance is now a property of the actor
	
11/8/14
	Updated snowflakes
	Forgot to update the last couple days, but I did things
	Baseball enemy is implemented, and cone is removed
		Ball bounces right-to-left and spins counter-clockwise 
	Car is fully implemented.
	HighScoreList is fully implemented.
	Finished Theme. 
	Sounds added.
	Game V1.0 complete.
	
	